will you marry me yes he'd already
booked the police we went for that long
weekend so romantic so romantic
no she's on speakerphone lot that tongue
down girl so you're not gonna have a
best man here's the thing Zooey Peters
always been a girlfriend guy calls dude
friends just fell by the wayside why is
it weird I had girlfriends nothing we're
just saying you never really had a best
friend is all was your best friend your
brother Robbie so he's about the coolest
guy I know
oh so what we do how I meet friends if
you see a cool looking guy strike up a
conversation and ask him on a man date
okay you know what I mean no casual
lunch or after work drinks you're not
taking these boys to see the Devil Wears
Prada oh god I love that movie
no I won't he just moved to LA his
mother says he's so excited to meet I
really enjoyed this awesome
[Music]
yeah he got up in there like Tong a
whole bunch of tongue deep in my mouth
I'm Peter Clavin I'm the realtor Sidney
Pfeiffer
hey check out these two that guy needs
to fart he doesn't seem to be clenching
watch the leg boom sure did it might be
a little bit small totally and it smells
like fart hey Sidney I could be in
Venice by 5:00 I could do that
he's the most beautiful dog in the world
a plastic bag no I don't clean up after
my dog you mind your own yeah
[Applause]
Society tells us to act civilized but
the truth is weren't animals and
sometimes you got to let it out
try ah respect the process ah yeah yeah
you feel better yeah I need a corn dog
yeah so what do you guys do for seven
straight hours
yeah so is he your best man it's way too
early to tell
sweet sweet man truth is I've been a
girlfriend guy but I have all those
girls you're the only one that wanted me
to have my own life it's like one of the
most romantic things like an effort
think come on hey your dogs
[Music]